So we left off being able to add things to our to do list like eat dinner and sleep and we can remove
those specific to.
But there's one thing that we're doing which we can actually refactor to make a little bit cleaner.
And you may be wondering this entire time what about these action creators.
And here's where we're going to answer that question.
So what I want to quickly do to recap is through a debugger in our render method in a Seabass and I'm
going to refresh the page and I just want to make sure that we understand where this dispatch function
is coming from.
We take a look at our component and we take a look at prop's we can see that to Doo's exists because
we have mapped redux state onto prop's that's coming from this wonderful function but we don't dispatch.
Well anytime that you connect each component to the redux or you always get access to a dispatch function.
Your component is able to then dispatch actions just like that relaxed or what.
But in our case if you see the way that we're running this specific code to dispatch all of our actions
there's a lot of work that's necessary to do this this thought process that dispatch them we put in
the object and we put in all the values there.
Well we have an easier way to do that.
And the way to do that is to actually pass a second function here interconnect and that function is
traditionally called Map dispatch to perhaps and map dispatch to prop's excerpts function which we can
call dispatch.
Inside here this is the function is going to allow us to dispatch actions and just like before it returns
an object accept all of the keys here are actually functions.
So we are going to make a specific function call had to do and it is going to accept some kind of task
and it's going to dispatch an action with the type of ad to do and some kind of task and we'll put in
MAP dispatched props right here I'm going to see this code and instead of this stop props that dispatch
we're going to see what we have instead.
Because we have mapped dispatched to props.
So let's go hit this debugger and take a look at this that prompts and then we take a look at the start
process.
We don't have dispatch anymore.
We have to do.
We'll take a look back at what that code did.
But we basically said hey instead of a generalized dispatch function just give me an add to do function
what we can also do is add one for a move to do.
But this is also going to be a bit tricky because then we have to add all this code right here.
Well thankfully we already have a function that's doing all of this inside of action creators.
It's called add to do.
So what we're going to do is import those two functions.
We're going to import had to do and remove to do from that slash action and creators.
Now what are we going to do with these two functions.
We are going to place them directly onto props instead of this generalized map dispatched to prop's
we are going to take those two functions and place them in an object.
Remember map dispatched to prop's has to return an object and in that object we need to have keys which
are functions those functions are action creators and we brought them in right here.
So I'm going to grab at to do and remove to do and place them right here going to save this code refresh
the page so we get to the next debugger and we take a look at this thought probs we now have our two
do's from real estate and are removed to do an add to do function from our action creators if we try
to run this code things are going to break.
So what we need to refactor is instead of this thought process that dispatch we're going to use this
that props that removed to do with an ID and clean that all up.
And what are we going to do for adding it to do this that props that to do.
And instead of this type and all that we can simply just put in whatever the user typed in in the form.
So let's see let's try it out again.
Let's go eat and sleep.
Looks like we can add successfully How about leading.
Same exact thing.
So what we've done here is we've used the second parameter to connect which also has to return an object.
And we just put in an object with a bunch of keys.
These are simply functions.
The key is to do and the value is to do.
Where are those functions coming from.
Those are our action creators.
That's what we're exporting out.
We're simply just exporting out a function that returns this entire object.
This entire object with a special type of something is called an action any object with a key of type
that is used in redux is going to be sent as an action.
We always need that key of type.
So this is the second parameter to connect.
This is also called Map dispatched to prop's you won't find yourself writing a map dispatched to prop's
function you'll usually find yourself importing action creators and using them directly right here.
On the other hand you will find yourself reading a map state hobs function because that's important
to have in most of your components are usually going to want some kind of redux state in your components
when those components need the redux state.
One last thing to note.
It's important to understand we don't really need redux state in our to do component.
This is simply just a stateless functional component.
So when you start using redox be very careful which components actually need to know about redux state.
You're going to also see there are differences between your reac state like what a user is typing in
uniform versus the redock state which is usually a bit higher level that you're going to share amongst
different components.
So a good rule of thumb is if a component is only using a bit of State for that component specifically
you might not need to read Occy you might just need a little bit of state.
But if you have some data that needs to be shared amongst different components redux is a really good
place to put that one centralized place.
And remember any component can connect to the Reebok store.
If you use this connect function.
So that's all for map dispatched approx.
And the next video we're going to bring in the re-act router we're going to move our new to do form
into a separate component and then we're going to start adding a back end and introduce asynchronous
actions with redox stunk.
I'll see you in the next screen test.